API Posture Management Changelog 2025-03-18 (#21826)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/api-shield/2025-03-18-api-posture-management.mdx

---
title: New API Posture Management for API Shield
description: Monitor for API-specific threats and risks with Posture Management for API Shield
date: 2025-03-18T11:00:00Z
---

Now, API Shield **automatically** labels your API inventory with API-specific risks so that you can track and manage risks to your APIs.

View these risks in [Endpoint Management](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api-shield/management-and-monitoring/) by label:

![A list of endpoint management labels](~/assets/images/changelog/api-shield/endpoint-management-label.png)

 ...or in [Security Center Insights](https://developers.cloudflare.com/security-center/security-insights/):

![An example security center insight](~/assets/images/changelog/api-shield/posture-management-insight.png)
 

> API Shield will scan for risks on your API inventory daily. Here are the new risks we're scanning for and automatically labelling:
> - **cf-risk-sensitive**: applied if the customer is subscribed to the sensitive data detection ruleset and the WAF detects sensitive data returned on an endpoint in the last 7 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API Shield will scan for risks on your API inventory daily. Here are the new risks we're scanning for and automatically labelling:

- **cf-risk-sensitive**: applied if the customer is subscribed to the sensitive data detection ruleset and the WAF detects sensitive data returned on an endpoint in the last 7 days.
```

- **cf-risk-missing-auth**: applied if the customer has configured a session ID and no successful requests to the endpoint contain the session ID. 
- **cf-risk-mixed-auth**: applied if the customer has configured a session ID and some successful requests to the endpoint contain the session ID while some lack the session ID.
- **cf-risk-missing-schema**: added when a learned schema is available for an endpoint that has no active schema.
- **cf-risk-error-anomaly**: added when an endpoint experiences a recent increase in response errors over the last 24 hours.
- **cf-risk-latency-anomaly**: added when an endpoint experiences a recent increase in response latency over the last 24 hours.
- **cf-risk-size-anomaly**: added when an endpoint experiences a spike in response body size over the last 24 hours.

> In addition, API Shield has two new 'beta' scans for **Broken Object Level Authorization (BOLA) attacks**. If you're in the beta, you'll see the following two labels when API Shield suspects an endpoint is suffering from a BOLA vulnerability:
>  - **cf-risk-bola-enumeration**: added when an endpoint experiences successful responses with drastic differences in the number of unique elements requested by different user sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, API Shield has two new 'beta' scans for **Broken Object Level Authorization (BOLA) attacks**. If you're in the beta, you'll see the following two labels when API Shield suspects an endpoint is suffering from a BOLA vulnerability:
 
 - **cf-risk-bola-enumeration**: added when an endpoint experiences successful responses with drastic differences in the number of unique elements requested by different user sessions.
```

 - **cf-risk-bola-pollution**: added when an endpoint experiences successful responses where parameters are found in multiple places in the request.

> We are currently accepting more customers into our beta. Please contact your account team if you are interested in BOLA attack detection for your API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are currently accepting more customers into our beta. Contact your account team if you are interested in BOLA attack detection for your API.
```

> Read our [blog post](https://blog.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-security-posture-management/) to learn more about Cloudflare's expanded posture management capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [blog post](https://blog.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-security-posture-management/) for more information about Cloudflare's expanded posture management capabilities.
```

---
title: New API Posture Management for API Shield
description: Monitor for API-specific threats and risks with Posture Management for API Shield
date: 2025-03-18T11:00:00Z
---

Now, API Shield **automatically** labels your API inventory with API-specific risks so that you can track and manage risks to your APIs.

> View these risks in [Endpoint Management](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api-shield/management-and-monitoring/) by label:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
View these risks in [Endpoint Management](/api-shield/management-and-monitoring/) by label:
```

![A list of endpoint management labels](~/assets/images/changelog/api-shield/endpoint-management-label.png)

>  ...or in [Security Center Insights](https://developers.cloudflare.com/security-center/security-insights/):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 ...or in [Security Center Insights](/security-center/security-insights/):
```

 
API Shield will scan for risks on your API inventory daily. Here are the new risks we're scanning for and automatically labelling:

- **cf-risk-sensitive**: applied if the customer is subscribed to the sensitive data detection ruleset and the WAF detects sensitive data returned on an endpoint in the last 7 days.
- **cf-risk-missing-auth**: applied if the customer has configured a session ID and no successful requests to the endpoint contain the session ID. 
- **cf-risk-mixed-auth**: applied if the customer has configured a session ID and some successful requests to the endpoint contain the session ID while some lack the session ID.
- **cf-risk-missing-schema**: added when a learned schema is available for an endpoint that has no active schema.
- **cf-risk-error-anomaly**: added when an endpoint experiences a recent increase in response errors over the last 24 hours.
- **cf-risk-latency-anomaly**: added when an endpoint experiences a recent increase in response latency over the last 24 hours.
- **cf-risk-size-anomaly**: added when an endpoint experiences a spike in response body size over the last 24 hours.

> In addition, API Shield has two new 'beta' scans for **Broken Object Level Authorization (BOLA) attacks**. If you're in the beta, you'll see the following two labels when API Shield suspects an endpoint is suffering from a BOLA vulnerability:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, API Shield has two new 'beta' scans for **Broken Object Level Authorization (BOLA) attacks**. If you're in the beta, you will see the following two labels when API Shield suspects an endpoint is suffering from a BOLA vulnerability:
```
